			Prise de note docker 

Docker run parameters:
--interactive: says you want an interactive session.
--tty: allocates a pseudo-tty
--rm: tells Docker to go ahead and remove the container when it’s done executing.
--detach: will run the container in the background
--name: will name it by the name you done
-e: will use an environment variable to specify the root password (NOTE: This should never be done in production)
--publish flag to publish port 80 inside the container onto port 80 on the host. This will allow traffic coming in to the Docker host on port 80 to be directed to port 80 in the container. The format of the --publish flag is host_port:container_port.


docker image build:(command to create a new Docker image using the instructions in the Dockerfile)
--tag :allows us to give the image a custom name.( In this case it’s comprised of our DockerID, the application name, and a version. Having the Docker ID attached to the name will allow us to store it on Docker Hub in a later step)
. :tells Docker to use the current directory as the build context
exemple : docker image build --tag $DOCKERID/linux_tweet_app:1.0 .


check docker:
You can check what’s happening in your containers by using a couple of built-in Docker commands: docker container logs and docker container top

inside container:
docker container exec: allows you to run a command inside a container.
You can also use docker container exec to connect to a new shell process inside an already-running container
exemple: docker exec -it mydb sh, mysql --user=root --password=$MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD --version

in bash:
ps aux: will show running processes in the container
cat /etc/issue: will show which Linux distro the container is running 

Dockerfile:

FROM specifies the base image to use as the starting point for this new image you’re creating.
COPY copies files from the Docker host into the image, at a known location.
EXPOSE documents which ports the application uses.
CMD specifies what command to run when a container is started from the image. Notice that we can specify the command, as well as run-time arguments.



Task 3: Modify a Running Website


